o# DailyInvestorProjects
This was our First repo. We have lost several, and learning as we go. This repo, holds a demonstration of a Phishing Site with a hook.js. Howeverz in-between our system attacks, this Repo ended up unorganized and uncategorized. Eventually, this will be repaired and all issues fixed. 
Thank you, and if you wish to have any Project Built, First you must go through Github. We match prices, and or Beat most by 50%. We also offer Cyber Security Consulting. Unlike every other Cyber Security Agencies. We have excellent background in the Criminal Aspect of malicious hacking, etc. I personally was incarcerated in Indiana State Penetentionry and incarcerated else where totaling 15+ years of my life. However, through trials and tribulations, Team Daily has slowly transitioned into a New Life. Following the Steps of my Grandfathers, who were Preachers. With all the Good, The Bad, my College Education, and personal Studies, our consulting will be nothing like what you get from any other business. We are backed with Certifications in Reverse Engineering, Psychology, Malware, Linux, Window, and we are bringing all of these traits, in order to help all of you to learn from our Mistakes and Blessings.
Daily. Our Team has seen the Worst and Best in life, lived in the worst and raised by the Best. Our Team strives to be at our Best for any Technology Task. If you also wish to support our Research, or work out Contract Details, please feel free to message or Leave Feedback.
